fix: explain proxy auth options (#226)
Basis-Theory/docs: source/includes/api-reference/_proxy.md

**Authentication**

By default, proxy requests must be authenticated using a `BT-API-KEY` header (see [Authentication](#authentication)).

> Alternatively, pre-configured proxies allow requests to be made publicly. See the Configuration section below.

Reviewer: "requests to be made publicly" doesn't quite capture the essence here - every request is technically made "publicly". I suggest something like:

```suggestion
Alternatively, pre-configured proxies enable unauthenticated requests from any system, provided the caller knows the unique proxy key. This can be useful for accepting inbound requests that originate from third party systems without the need to share API keys. See the Configuration section below.
```
